What should we do now?
Are they all being controlled by zombies?
This time it's news to chase the corpse
It's using corpses and a void of moisture
Make the corpse move
I should have known that it brought black light blood and glutinous rice or something like that.
This is not a picture book
What you said doesn't work at all
You just ate construction
There should still be a lot of moisture in the body that will be discharged
Body poison attack poison use blood
Don't bother, dad
Did you really do it this time?
Daughter, don't worry about him.
Wait until Dad gets the ultimate soul in his body
immortality
You can choose the man in the world